Docs/doc 850 get started info updates (#842)
spatialos/UnrealGDK: SpatialGDK/Documentation/content/tutorials/multiserver-shooter/tutorial-multiserver-cloudtest.md

> <%(TOC)%>

Reviewer: Not looking at this, ref meeting earlier.

# Multiserver Shooter Tutorial

## Step 4: Test your changes in the cloud

### Build your assemblies

> An assembly is what’s created when you run `BuildWorker.bat`. They’re .zip files that contains all the files that your game uses when running in the cloud.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An assembly is what’s created when you run `BuildWorker.bat`. They’re .zip files that contain all the files that your game uses when running in the cloud.
```

Reviewer: I think we can use the same text as in the new ones here: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1AwEVa4H-IN4pwWgbs6Yn0CjSGma6IyCXkiq61i5MvDE/edit (Subject to Mike S approval)

> 1. In a terminal window, change directory to the root directory of the Third Person Shooter repository.

Author: ```suggestion
1. In a terminal window, change directory to the root directory of the Third-Person Shooter repository.
```

2. Build a server-worker assembly by running: `Game\Plugins\UnrealGDK\SpatialGDK\Build\Scripts\BuildWorker.bat ThirdPersonShooterServer Linux Development ThirdPersonShooter.uproject`
3. Build a client-worker assembly by running: `Game\Plugins\UnrealGDK\SpatialGDK\Build\Scripts\BuildWorker.bat ThirdPersonShooter Win64 Development ThirdPersonShooter.uproject`

<br/>
### Upload your game

1. In File Explorer, navigate to `UnrealGDKThirdPersonShooter\spatial` and open `spatialos.json` in a text editor.
2. Change the `name` field to the name of your project. You can find this in the [Console](https://console.improbable.io). It’ll be something like `beta_someword_anotherword_000`.
    ![]({{assetRoot}}assets/tutorial/project-name.png)
3. In a terminal window, change directory to `UnrealGDKThirdPersonShooter\spatial\` and run `spatial cloud upload <assembly_name>`, where `<assembly_name>` is a name of your choice (for example `myassembly`). A valid upload command looks like this:

```
spatial cloud upload myassembly
```

> > **Note:** Based on your network speed it may take a little while (1-10 minutes) to upload your assembly.

Author: ```suggestion
> **Note:** Depending on your network speed it may take a little while (1-10 minutes) to upload your assembly.
```
Also, if we can use fancy callouts, could change this to be a "tip" or "info" box?

<br/>
### Launch a cloud deployment

> The next step is to launch a cloud deployment using the assembly that you just uploaded. This can only be done through the SpatialOS command-line interface (also known as the [`spatial` CLI]({{urlRoot}}/content/glossary#spatial-command-line-tool-cli).

Author: ```suggestion
The next step is to launch a cloud deployment using the assembly that you just uploaded. You can only do this through the SpatialOS command-line interface (also known as the [CLI]({{urlRoot}}/content/glossary#spatialos-command-line-tool-cli).
```

When launching a cloud deployment you must provide three parameters:

* **the assembly name**, which identifies the worker assemblies to use.
* **a launch configuration**, which declares the world and load balancing configuration.
* **a name for your deployment**, which is used to label the deployment in the [Console](https://console.improbable.io).

> 1. In a  terminal window, in the same directory you used to upload your game, run: `spatial cloud launch --snapshot=snapshots/default.snapshot <assembly_name> two_worker_test.json <deployment_name>` 

Author: I think this is the only step in this section, so it looks odd to have it as a numbered step. Not sure how best to do it without a numbered step, though...

Reviewer: Got to here.

>     <br/>where `assembly_name` is the name you gave the assembly in the previous step and `deployment_name` is a name of your choice. A valid launch command would look like this:

Reviewer: LAURA YOU ARE HERE.

Reviewer: LEAVING THE TUTORIALS now as there are updates elsewhere.

```
spatial cloud launch --snapshot=snapshots/default.snapshot myassembly two_worker_test.json mydeployment
```

> **Note:** This command defaults to deploying to clusters located in the US. If you’re in Europe, add the `--cluster_region=eu` flag for lower latency.

<br/>
### Play your game

![]({{assetRoot}}assets/tutorial/console.png)

When your deployment has launched, SpatialOS automatically opens the [Console](https://console.improbable.io) in your browser.

1. In the Console, Select the **Launch** button on the left of the page, and then click the **Launch** button that appears in the centre of the page. The SpatialOS Launcher, which was installed along with SpatialOS, downloads the game client for this deployment and runs it on your local machine.
    ![]({{assetRoot}}assets/tutorial/launch.png)
2. Once the client has launched, enter the game and fire a few celebratory shots - you are now playing in your first SpatialOS cloud deployment!

<br/>
### Invite your friends

> 1. To invite other players to this game, head back to the Deployment Overview page in your [Console](https://console.improbable.io), and select the **Share button**.

Author: ```suggestion
1. To invite other players to this game, head back to the Deployment Overview page in your [Console](https://console.improbable.io), and select the **Share** button.
```

2. Share the generated link with your friends!

> When you’re done shooting your friends, you can click the **Stop** button in the [Console](https://console.improbable.io) to halt your deployment.

Author: ```suggestion
When you’re done shooting your friends, you can click the **Stop** button in the [Console](https://console.improbable.io) to stop your deployment.
```

<br/>
### Next steps
We hope you've enjoyed this tutorial. If you want to build a new game using the SpatialOS GDK, you should build it on top of the [SpatialOS GDK Starter template]({{urlRoot}}/content/get-started/gdk-template). If you want to port your existing game to SpatialOS, follow the [porting guide]({{urlRoot}}/content/tutorials/tutorial-porting-guide).

<br/>
<br/>

> -------------

Author: I haven't seen this on other pages, but then I know we've only recently introduced the editorial note. Ideally we should either use lines on all pages, or not at all.

Reviewer: This was here when this tutorial was the first get started page - what you had to do first. I Think we can get rid of this now.
